Why hasn't this lamb come yet?
Mom, don't worry.
Brother Gang will definitely come
You send him WeChat again.
The awards ceremony is about to start
You have to let him see your beautiful side
Please send a few more words.
Don't be so concise
Be enthusiastic and care first if people are busy or not
Let's talk about the semi-annual ceremony
No more, send a few more easy ones.
Please say a few more soft words to coax him over
Boys are the most effective
What about girls' coquettish behavior?
Do you know?
Is he still living for what happened to Du Kai last time?
Are you angry?
Yaoyao
It's been 10 minutes. He hasn't called you back?
Is your cell phone signal good?
Is the ringtone on? Look at your phone again?
You call him again mom
I'm going to the bathroom
Hey Yaoyao
Stop urging Yaoyao
You can't put down your posture and ask others
This occasion
Fiance doesn't show up
Do you think he still has some situation with Yaoyao?